Thank you for participating, and I know this is so many difficulties and heart shares, so many
schedules,
so your responsibility, you have to put a tremendous amount of effort in trying to put those on the
sides
and making time and coming there to be going to agree with this practice.
I'm so grateful and thankful for all your courage and commitment and pleasure,
in making these times. Thank you. Now, we should again begin to do practices.
We already started to do this, but again we should be standing up for the moral motivation of Dzogc
hen.
And this is again so important. Every time the teaching says, you know, all the masters say,
"Every session you should have Dzogchen appreciation."
Break his attitude. It's really true. It's not just making up these things and trying to kind of
pull our mind,
trying to come back. This is true, we make. It's all breaking, so important, so beautiful.
And we're touching to our own goal of true nature, what we do, we inherit it.
It's something that we remind our people and face happiness for ourselves.
And also doing the same thing to others, we're trying to do that.
And that is, again, there's nothing more beautiful, more spiritual than that.
And particularly in Islam, we are connecting it to our deep goal of, you know,
the nature of the visitors, the Dzogchen teaching for Dzogchen practice.
Dzogchen is because Dzogchen teaching, when we talk about this teaching, is loosely outside.
The reality of Dzogchen is within our mind. This is our nature of the mind.
Dzogchen is not something that we are new, ideal, new systems that we are providing,
trying to cooperate with our attitude and mind and try to put that.
That is, it's not. The reality level is our nature. We're connecting.
This is true nature of the mind or our old nature of Dzogchen.
Dzogchen is really Dzogchen. Dzogchen is another. That is old man Dzogchen.
These texts and the books and the teachings are the method or the passage to discover that.
Why we need that? Because of due to our ignorance or duality that we spoil ourselves.
And they just stand upon our realities so long, so many lifetimes.
By the kindness of the greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni and all those great masters,
reconnected us to that nature, the world of our nature. So that is what the religion is.
I mean that of course we all know. We all know how some do.
But therefore, long after our training, we reconnect with you at this time.
And therefore, really, full joy in the applications of happiness.
It's just so very beautiful. And that is the beginning of our practice.
This is our beginning of also enlightenment and discovery of nature.
You will never see it. Then the Buddha teaches you always in this life.
Precious human body, precious life, the eating endowments.
And we take out all those casual, basic things.
But we really take carefully these eating endowments.
Even this population is growing. There are billions of beings and billions of beings,
for the human beings in this earth, for how many people have the eating endowments,
these whole things.
I mean let's say no one is in hell, and no one is in an animal realm,
younger gods around, long black car, and all that.
But that end of the, at freedoms, what is it?
The wrong anti or wrong beliefs.
Among that, at freedoms.
At freedoms. The last one, even everything is perfect.
We have that one, the last one of that freedom, without complete freedom.
I mean those who are over there. They are not freedom.
They are called by delusions and emotions.
They are not free. But we are not.
We are in that complete freedom status.
100% freedom status.
Then there is both luxuries, endowments.
Five luxuries, five luxuries, five luxuries connected to ourselves,
five luxuries connected to others. You all know this.
But again, if you look carefully, one after another, reflect like that.
Last two, two, how many people have that luxuries?
One is post-luxuries, they do this, they do this.
And Buddha's teaching, Buddha came, Buddha remained,
and there is manufactured humans.
But if we are not connected with the teacher,
even if everything is there, then we are not luxuries
for those who are not connected to the qualified teachers.
And also not internally down now.
Whatever our intentions, when we don't have five luxuries,
or they are connected externally or coming out, we don't know.
But we are not. We all have that five luxuries.
Perfect! Truly we have 100% that.
And then the five luxuries are connected to our own sadhva,
being born as human, being married with one thing,
and all the organs are intact, and all that one happens.
The last one, the five luxuries, devoted to the teachings,
and we don't have that. This is not five luxuries.
Again, we are missing. For those who are not that,
even they are born in everything, perfect, contagious, completely.
They are not freedom and endowments, they don't have.
And we have that. We all have that 18 endowments,
exactly that 18 luxuries are the premium,
and 10 luxuries are perfectly intact.
This is not just a co-accidenta, co-accidentia.
Truly it has beautiful cause and conditions.
That even maybe we don't know exactly.
Truly, there takes nothing to happen by accident, dentally.
Truly it has cause and conditions.
In the close and far distance and far distance.
Even maybe we can't imagine this, that can be caused.
But there is that. Truly.
We are omniscient, we know parts of the person in the future,
and clearly every environment, clearly precise as the Buddha sees,
or the enlightenment sees.
Truly there is so many wonders to discover beautiful things.
So therefore, I mean, every aspect, really we are good.
And the love is a world of writers.
Even we have all that 18 luxuries.
Yet, we are quite well, quite stable.
Quite stable, and moving forward with beautiful goal and hand,
and keeping up our identity in a good goal at us,
as much as we can, and always re-stainting,
and re-correcting, and moving forward.
This is all wonderful, beautiful.
So therefore, premium, joy, and everything.
There you are, again, is the object teachings.
It's the lineage teachings, the object teachings.
All those great masters, the real life stories,
which we call Baba Rungo,
are the first great chins, the first kundra.
Even they are, like always in the teachings,
in the life stories, the great masters,
they are the emanated beings,
from the great beings, who are really enlightened.
But yet, if we read the life stories,
their courage, their commitment, their joyful effort,
their aspirations, their humbleness, humility,
the haunted earth, it's just amazing.
Really amazing, beautiful.
Those are our examples, role models.
Truly they went through that, and we do that,
and we're able to follow even that 20%, 50%,
40%, and we're able to follow with that.
We're doing quite good, really doing quite good.
We can be happy, we can be good.
Even we cannot do exactly what they did,
like 100%, 190%, 70%, but even 40, 50, 60.
It's great, great.
This is what all of this is.
We do it all.
Then again, with great joy and appreciation,
then help with, again, bodhijada.
And then essence, bodhijada is essence of the old teaching.
Bodhijada is zo-chin.
Zo-chin is bodhijada.
Danmar says so many great masters,
great kindri bodhijada, many times mentioned.
Bodhijada is really zo-chin.
Bodhijada has generally two bodhijada.
And as you know, relative to the bodhijada,
absolute to the bodhijada.
Absolute truth is bodhijada.
That is zo-chin.
And relative to bodhijada is a reflection of,
or a display of the absolute bodhijada.
Therefore, really brilliant bodhijada attitude.
For all living beings, we do that.
Again, it makes our realization deeply growing,
performing, we will grow with that.
It's not just that we are doing this because we like to help others,
but it's for us too.
For that reason, the greatest teacher,
Pradashaktamani said,
"Properling the two goals."
One's own goal, goals for others to benefit.
Bodhijada is the one to fuck two goals.
So, no, no, almost a kind of garden of bodhijada,
even for ten minutes or five minutes.
Or two minutes, even one minute, we do that.
Definitely, that's so powerful, so special.
Then in the zokki teaching, that is the zokki teaching,
and the highest of the teachings,
but I never give what there is ever in it.
According to the teaching, this is the ultimate,
and this is what it is.
And this teaching is, again, in the reality level,
because in the zokki teaching, everything is enlightened status.
Even though we didn't recognize, we didn't discover that,
the reality is all enlightened.
What kind of enlightenment?
The three kaya status.
Tarmakaya, Sambokaya, Namakaya status.
Our mind is in that state.
The nature of our mind is in that state.
Environment is in that state.
There's nothing, divisions, no difference at all.
All is enlightened.
Even we don't have that realization right now,
but at least opening that role,
kind of motivating ourselves, can receive all is enlightened status.
Tarmakaya, Sambokaya, Namakaya purity status.
Status.
And that means, also, each of us, individual,
all are displayed on the three kaya, the important states.
Every and each of us are status.
So that is what, commonly known as in the reality level teaching,
pure perceptions, for purity and sadness.
Kind of bring that pull.
We're not kind of caught up with the duality mind,
with the skeptical and hesitate and doubt.
And that will be a long time, important teaching.
Since the beginning of this time,
we've been that state, that dark corner, all the time,
the icy cold corners.
And this is the time, we should change that environment.
Bring up the brightness, the Chinese status of that,
so that we can see everything as shiny and beautiful,
as glowing as it is.
That is what we need.
And with those who are more awakened,
if you all know this is nothing that I'm talking,
if you don't know that I'm just reminding,
again I'm sitting right in front of you,
I should say something, so I'm going to say these things.
Reminding, and in a way reminding to me, reminding to you,
and so that's what we need to practice.
And now, with this, and we go to the Zoki teaching.